an island off the coast of Scotland
something was summoned from the depths
of hell something that would end mankind
and the syrup thing he worried about to
be show up oh yes
you did
we face every birth there is and yet
you take me in
hello son made me a weapon where's my
fire there
mr. love ladies and gentlemen out there
there's a fifth-century sorceress who
want to bring down the curtain on London
and the world
great homework
[Music]
why do you fight for those who hates and
fear you
you are meant for this out of the ashes
okay I'd appreciate a prophecy with more
relatable steaks
how about we've got to be saving the
world or something yeah okay come on
let's get you in face-off
yeah koalas dude
[Music]
be my game
we belong together here in time
we do but it's not gonna work you know
cuz I'm a Capricorn and you're
[Music]
you